[KDB-656] Update docs for 25.0.0 (#4912)
EventStore/EventStore: docs/server/quick-start/installation.md

For most features that require a license, KurrentDB will not start if the feature is enabled but the license key is not provided or is invalid.

## Package repositories

Packages for KurrentDB are hosted on [Cloudsmith](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore), in the following repositories:

> * [kurrent-lts](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore/repos/kurrent-lts) containing only production-ready [LTS](../release-schedule/#long-term-support-releases) packages.
> * [kurrent-latest](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore/repos/kurrent-latest) containing production-ready LTS and [STS](../release-schedule/#short-term-support-releases) packages.
> * [kurrent-preview](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore/repos/kurrent-preview) containing non-production preview packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kurrent-lts](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore/repos/kurrent-lts) contains only the production-ready [LTS](../release-schedule/#long-term-support-releases) packages.
* [kurrent-latest](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore/repos/kurrent-latest) contains production-ready LTS, and [STS](../release-schedule/#short-term-support-releases) packages.
* [kurrent-preview](https://cloudsmith.io/~eventstore/repos/kurrent-preview) contains the non-production preview packages.
```
